what's up everybody on so I got any pick
up today on please drop next week May
fourteenth oh and sat four and a half
years going 5 retro caller says like
brought by white wolf grey now I picked
this up in a four and a half as well as
the 1000 yeah um so for this one young
also is an IP bomb with your black belt
man your midsole is like graphite um but
all around it's like this wolf grey
suede which is really nice it feels
really nice but it seems like it's going
to get dirty really easy um laces are
grey the jumpman on the tongue is write
something on the back is white and then
on the back of the client says air
jordan and we uh place holding you like
a clear plastic it's fine three is that
like graphite and then we shadows right
now where this part I noticed the dots
on here's a dark grey and they're a lot
bigger can we watch on you know where
there's a lighter gray and they seem
very like not noticeable
dr. mine is taking want member yeah I'm
with you guys on Sue's comment thumbs up
subscribe song shots it's all real like
the committee follow me on twitter at
tinker fanatic 15